Updating Istio Documentation, (#1683)
layer5io/meshery: docs/_adapters/istio/istio.md

### Lifecycle management

> The Meshery Adapter for Istio can install **v1.7.3** of the Istio service mesh. The SMI adapter for Istio can also be installed using Meshery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{page.name}} can install **{{page.version}}** of the {{page.title}} service mesh. The SMI adapter for Istio can also be installed using Meshery.
```
